{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green39\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17255\c20000\c19608;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There is a trick to finding out of your flight is a code-share flight. Code-share flights are flights on which airlines are cooperating and thus all sell tickets. For example, you can purchase your ticket with KLM but fly with Alitalia instead. In this case it shows: flight operated by Alitalia, on your boarding pass. Usually flight numbers with four digits and starting with a 3, are code-share flights.\cb1 \
\cb3 Flight numbers are technically a combination of numbers and letters that match the IATA code of the airline. Examples are {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.euclaim.co.uk/flight-delay-compensation/klm"}}{\fldrslt KL for KLM}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.euclaim.co.uk/flight-delay-compensation/british-airways"}}{\fldrslt BA for British Airways}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.euclaim.co.uk/flight-delay-compensation/lufthansa"}}{\fldrslt LH for Lufthansa}}. Flight numbers along given routes remain for years. It is common for Airlines to change the flight number when a flight faced an incident. MH17 (Malaysia Airlines) and AA11 (American Airlines) are an example of this.\'a0}